README.md, before:

# Little Registry Cleaner
Little Registry Cleaner is an open source program that is designed to cleanup Microsoft Windows Registry. It removes obsolete or unwanted items that build up in the registry over time in order to improve the stability and performance of your computer.

## Key Features

 * Make your computer more stable and increase performance
 * Automatically backups the registry using windows and an internal database
 * Translations for 17 different languages
 * Portable Edition allows you to run it anywhere
 * Manage files that are executed when windows starts
 * Uninstall manager removes traces of deleted software
 * 100% Freeware
 * And much more!
 
## Licensing

Little System Cleaner is licensed under the [GNU General Public License v3](http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html).

## Show Your Support

Little Apps relies on people like you to keep our software running. If you would like to show your support for Little System Cleaner, then you can [make a donation](https://www.little-apps.com/?donate) using PayPal, Payza or credit card (via Stripe). Please note that any amount helps (even just $1).

## Credits
 
**Thanks to the following libraries and examples:**

 * [Advanced TreeView for .NET by Andrey Gliznetsov](http://www.codeproject.com/KB/tree/treeviewadv.aspx)
 * [XP Progress Bar by Marcos Meli](http://www.codeproject.com/KB/cpp/XpProgressBar.aspx)
 * [Import/Export registry sections as XML by Sam DenHartog](http://www.codeproject.com/KB/XML/registryxml.aspx)
 * [JumpTo RegEdit by Reto Ravasio](http://www.codeproject.com/KB/cs/RegEdit_JumpTo.aspx)
 * [Task Scheduler Managed Wrapper by David Hall](http://taskscheduler.codeplex.com/)
 * [AutoUpdater.NET by RBSoft](http://autoupdaterdotnet.codeplex.com/)

**Thanks to the following people for their contributions to LRC:**

#### Maintainers

 * Nick H.

#### Developers

 * Jonathan N. (Beta tester) 
 * Erik Y. (Beta tester) 
 * Jomy M. (Bugs & Fixes) 

#### Translators

 * Maciej M. - Polish 
 * Artur M. - Russian 
 * E. Staas - Dutch 
 * Sándor L. - Hungarian 
 * Alisson C. - Portuguese 
 * Radoslaw M - Polish 
 * Alexander P. - Swedish 
 * Jim B. - Greek 
 * Vladislav Z. - Lithuanian and Russian 
 * Erkan M. - Turkish 
 * Ken O. - Chinese (Simplified & Traditional) 
 * Dmitriy P. - Russian (Setup) 
 * Saeed D. - Persian 
 * Björn N. - Swedish 
 * Fitoschido - Spanish 
 * Chris G. - German 
 * Daniel - German (Fixed minor mistakes) 
 * Tulip V. - French

**And a big thanks to everyone else for supporting this project!**

Commit message:

Added notes on version control

README.md, after:

# Little Registry Cleaner
Little Registry Cleaner is an open source program that is designed to cleanup Microsoft Windows Registry. It removes obsolete or unwanted items that build up in the registry over time in order to improve the stability and performance of your computer.

## Key Features

 * Make your computer more stable and increase performance
 * Automatically backups the registry using windows and an internal database
 * Translations for 17 different languages
 * Portable Edition allows you to run it anywhere
 * Manage files that are executed when windows starts
 * Uninstall manager removes traces of deleted software
 * 100% Freeware
 * And much more!
 
## Licensing

Little System Cleaner is licensed under the [GNU General Public License v3](http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html).

## Versions

The version control system has been tracking changes since version 0.6. All previous versions can be found on [the downloads for Little Registry Cleaner](https://www.little-apps.com/downloads/little-registry-cleaner/).

## Show Your Support

Little Apps relies on people like you to keep our software running. If you would like to show your support for Little System Cleaner, then you can [make a donation](https://www.little-apps.com/?donate) using PayPal, Payza or credit card (via Stripe). Please note that any amount helps (even just $1).

## Credits
 
**Thanks to the following libraries and examples:**

 * [Advanced TreeView for .NET by Andrey Gliznetsov](http://www.codeproject.com/KB/tree/treeviewadv.aspx)
 * [XP Progress Bar by Marcos Meli](http://www.codeproject.com/KB/cpp/XpProgressBar.aspx)
 * [Import/Export registry sections as XML by Sam DenHartog](http://www.codeproject.com/KB/XML/registryxml.aspx)
 * [JumpTo RegEdit by Reto Ravasio](http://www.codeproject.com/KB/cs/RegEdit_JumpTo.aspx)
 * [Task Scheduler Managed Wrapper by David Hall](http://taskscheduler.codeplex.com/)
 * [AutoUpdater.NET by RBSoft](http://autoupdaterdotnet.codeplex.com/)

**Thanks to the following people for their contributions to LRC:**

#### Maintainers

 * Nick H.

#### Developers

 * Jonathan N. (Beta tester) 
 * Erik Y. (Beta tester) 
 * Jomy M. (Bugs & Fixes) 

#### Translators

 * Maciej M. - Polish 
 * Artur M. - Russian 
 * E. Staas - Dutch 
 * Sándor L. - Hungarian 
 * Alisson C. - Portuguese 
 * Radoslaw M - Polish 
 * Alexander P. - Swedish 
 * Jim B. - Greek 
 * Vladislav Z. - Lithuanian and Russian 
 * Erkan M. - Turkish 
 * Ken O. - Chinese (Simplified & Traditional) 
 * Dmitriy P. - Russian (Setup) 
 * Saeed D. - Persian 
 * Björn N. - Swedish 
 * Fitoschido - Spanish 
 * Chris G. - German 
 * Daniel - German (Fixed minor mistakes) 
 * Tulip V. - French

**And a big thanks to everyone else for supporting this project!**
